all right guys here I am again and the
last up I did was I just got out of the
shower and I'm as you can see my hair is
really curly yeah I know it's a damn
it's a way so pretty much I just
shampooed my hair got all the little
loose hairs out and now it's time for
the person stage the brush I'm going to
be using right now is a Diane a one
sorry
eight one five nine hope you can see
that on there and this process is really
hard so if your hair is any type shorter
than mine I would not recommend this
brush because you're kind of just
damaged your scalp um I mean if you want
to you can try but I'm not going to do
it today
but pretty much I'm just going to start
on the right side it's going to take the
brush I just start brushing down like I
showed you in my first video now the
hard part what's it going to do it's
going to start helping your hair to go
in a certain direction certain pad so
that's all of our person doing it's not
it's helping you get waves but it's just
the first step helping you to control
direction it's goofy so as you can
already see my hair it's time to lay
down got some on the back the diagonal
down like I showed you before
right straightforward
whoo there's a little bit of my sides
now top its diagonal lift
and just so you know I've been having an
afro for about a multitude now and so my
weight is about how long haven't been
brushing or anything from month or two
now so now I'm going to give my own a
medium brush a crown medium brush it's
the premium actually so it's like in
between soft and seeing between soft and
medium about filling but this is a
really good brush so now I'm just gonna
you know continue to brush and like I
said in my last video when I brush for
20 minutes but I'm probably not going to
show 20 minutes me brushing my hair
because you know nobody wants watch day
I read you guys so I just finished my
20-minute brushing routine and as you
can see my hair laid down a little bit
not as good as I wanted to but over time
it'll it'll lay down more so to finish
off this whole brushing routine day 1
720 way video I'm gonna put some shea
butter in my hair now what I did for
thin shea butter shea butter is a little
bit hard it's like actual but you know
how butter is really hard when you first
done is in the frigerator
what you have to do is just heat it up
you can heat it up in the microwave but
you don't want to overheat it because
you can damage it and it actually takes
away some of the nutrients and the
healing properties are in shea butter so
you don't want to mess it up that way so
what I do is I put you know I turn on
the sink and let the water get really
really hot and I call go I cover it up
so no water can go down to drink I put
this in there and then the shea butter
melts down and that's the best way that
you can get it melted without messing up
the actual shea butter so right now so
I'm just going to take a little bit and
put in my hands just rub it in my hands
and just rub it in my hand probably only
needs as much as I got put just rubbing
okay any type of moisturizer is good you
know I don't know what type used but I
use shea butter I recommend olive oil
I'm trying to think of some other
natural palm 8 or whatever it so you
just want to pretty much get it all
throughout your hair and as you can see
you can always see my waves kind of
developing right now now were the waves
it just kind of like ripples like baby
waves so pretty much just rub it through
all electric hair then you want to get
your brush one more time and like
preferably a soft brush and this one
already so this is a soft brush so just
go over here a few more times with this
out first and or medium brush and just
try to get that a try to polish your
hair pretty much does it you're doing
right now you're making it have that
shine effect and you're also getting
some of the pomade side of your scalp
which in turn makes your hair become
more healthy in the long run that's why
I like using natural pins because if you
try to put stuff chemicals in your hair
does the same thing it goes into your
scalp and you know chemicals on actually
is yeah good so you know your hand might
fall out
not get bald need to come 25 okay now
I'm just resting but anyways pretty much
just go over it again pretty already
actually so if I can get a better shot
all right so now I'm just going to get
my do rag or su rag and just uh put it
on all right you guys it's been about an
hour since I put my dreg on so now my
hair is all dry and laid down so I'm
just going to take it off and show you
all right here are the final results for
the first day of me starting all over my
legs
so um yeah uh so I'm thinking the phone
in two weeks my hair is gonna start
looking really nice
so um yeah I hope you guys are gonna do
this whole wave journey with me
so in a few months I think our hair is
gonna be like a sweet so I'm just check
back from every few weeks or every week
when we posting a video up every week
updating you know the transformation of
my hair I guess and I hope you guys
learned something and if you're not
always interested in wave videos I also
have speak drawing videos in my channel
so you know go ahead and check those out
if you want but um I appreciate all the
support I hope you guys have learned
something from this and I'm willing but
uh yeah I hope you guys do good so until
next time this is Jon signing off but